refactor(examples) Update `advanced-tensorflow` example (#4248)
adap/flower: examples/advanced-tensorflow/README.md

By default, the metrics: {`centralized_accuracy`, `centralized_loss`, `federated_evaluate_accuracy`, `federated_evaluate_loss`} will be logged to Weights & Biases (they are also stored to the `results.json` previously mentioned). Upon executing `flwr run` you'll see a URL linking to your Weight&Biases dashboard wher you can see the metrics.

![](_static/wandb_plots.png)

### Run with the Simulation Engine

With default parameters, 25% of the total 50 nodes (see `num-supernodes` in `pyproject.toml`) will be sampled for `fit` and 50% for an `evaluate` round. By default `ClientApp` objects will run on CPU.

> \[!TIP\]
> To run your `ClientApps` on GPU or to adjust the degree or parallelism of your simulation, edit the `[tool.flwr.federations.local-simulation]` section in the `pyproject.tom`.

```bash
flwr run .

# To disable W&B
flwr run . --run-config use-wandb=false
```

> \[!WARNING\]

> > By default TensorFlow process that use GPU will try to pre-allocate the entiery available VRAM. This is undesirable for simulations where we want the GPU to be shared among several `ClientApp` instances. Enable the [GPU memory growth](https://www.tensorflow.org/guide/gpu#limiting_gpu_memory_growth) by setting the `TF_FORCE_GPU_ALLOW_GROWTH` environment variable to ensure processes only make use of the VRAM they need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> By default TensorFlow processes that use GPU will try to pre-allocate the entire available VRAM. This is undesirable for simulations where we want the GPU to be shared among several `ClientApp` instances. Enable the [GPU memory growth](https://www.tensorflow.org/guide/gpu#limiting_gpu_memory_growth) by setting the `TF_FORCE_GPU_ALLOW_GROWTH` environment variable to ensure processes only make use of the VRAM they need.
```

You can run the app using another federation (see `pyproject.toml`). For example, if you have a GPU available, select the `local-sim-gpu` federation:

```bash
export TF_FORCE_GPU_ALLOW_GROWTH="true"
flwr run . local-sim-gpu
```

You can also override some of the settings for your `ClientApp` and `ServerApp` defined in `pyproject.toml`. For example:

```bash

> flwr run . --run-config "num-server-rounds=5 fraction-fit=0.5"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
flwr run . --run-config "num-server-rounds=10 fraction-fit=0.5"
```

Reviewer: The default is num-server-rounds=5, so better to override this with a different value.
